
Documentation of files and scripts in this directory

make_keystore
    This script only needs to be run if you want to update the
    keys in javaws/cockpit.keystore.  

    The cockpit keys are created with a validity of 730 days.
    If javaws/cockpit.keystore is checked into subversion after
    it is created, then generally this script does not need
    to be run, unless you want to extend the validity period,
    or otherwise alter the keys.

    When this script is run, you will be prompted for a keystore
    password, and a password for the cockpit keys. We generally
    use the same password for both.

    You will also need to know this password when signing a jar file
    or to list or delete keys.

    To list the keys in the keystore:
        keytool -keystore javaws/cockpit.keystore -list -v

    To delete a key from the keystore:
        keytool -keystore javaws/cockpit.keystore -delete -alias cockpit

sign_jars
    Sign the jar files from external sources that are used by cockpit.

    You will need to know the keystore and cockpit key password
    to sign the jar file.

    Once the jar files are signed with the current key, check them
    into subversion so that we don't have to sign them on every install.

makejar
    Create the cockpit.jar containing the locally developed classes.
    This jar file includes a manifest, which specifies the classpath
    that is used when it is run. The manifest classpath contains the
    native library jar files that are needed for all platforms.

makezip [ -i [ installpath ] ]
    Create .zip files for Linux (32 and 64 bit), Mac and Windows,
    containing cockpit.jar and other jars needed to run cockpit
    for the various platforms.

    Also create a zip file containing everything needed for a
    Java Web Start installation.

    Specify a -i option to install the zip and web start files. The default
    installation path is /net/www/docs/software/webstart/cockpit, or
    it can be specified with the installpath option.
    
    zip files are installed to installpath/javazip. The Java Web Start
    files are installed  to installpath/javaws.

cockpit.sh
    execute cockpit directly from the classes directory

    To execute cockpit from the jar file, do:
        java -jar cockpit.jar




